{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20960\viewh13380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
31.25\
Jesse Lee Wollin \
Pleasant Avenue South Minneapolis, MN 55404\
 Phone: 507.220.5071 \
Email: jessewollin@gmail.com \
www.jessewollin.com\
\
Objective Seeking an exciting position where I can continually create a better product for a company, while also continually improving my strong conceptual and creative design background. \
\
Skills HTML, CSS, Responsive Design, the Bootstrap framework, Javascript, jQuery, Wordpress, PHP, Adobe Creative Suite, PHP Storm, SublimeText 3, Codekit, Axure, Microsoft Office Suite Education \
\
Minneapolis Community & Technical College, Minneapolis, MN 2015 - Present \
\
Major: Graphic Design: Web and Interactive Media \
Deans List: 4.00 GPA, Member of Student Design Collective and City College News \
Recipient of the Kopp Presidential Scholarship in spring 2016 \
\
The Atelier: Studio Program of Fine Art, Minneapolis, MN 2005 - 2009 Focus was primarily placed on a discipline and teaching of well constructed realistic pictures \'97 in the mediums of charcoal, pencil and oil. Experience \
IT/Admin Assistant Generalist, T.H.O. Software, Inc; Minneapolis, MN Feb. 2016 - June 2016 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u61559 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Effectively worked with a team to redesign the frontend of a data driven application that output detailed reports, by drawing wireframes, using Bootstrap as a framework along with writing HTML and custom CSS. \
\

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u61559 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Created custom prototypes for company website utilizing WordPress as a content management system. \
\

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u61559 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Performed quality assurance testing on company created content management system to ensure information was being stored and output correctly in reports and client profiles. \
\

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u61559 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Helped in the assistance of book keeping, accounts receivable, accounts payable and mailings for US/Fed Ex mail. \
\
Print Assistant, Mint Print; Minneapolis, MN May 2015 - Jan. 2016 \
\

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u61559 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Served as a Printing Assistant performing printing preparation and associated reproduction of flyers, brochures, posters, labels, business cards, and other products. \
\

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u61559 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Inspect and verify completed projects to ensure finale product meet quality standards. \
\

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u61559 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Collated, gathered, assembled and bind printed materials to prepare completed request orders for shipping. Typesetter, BIC APP; Sleepy Eye, MN Seasonal 2013 - 2014 \
\

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u61559 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Set up customer imprint files for printed media per customer instruction using company supplied software: InDesign and Illustrator. \
\

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u61559 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Edited and changed CMYK, spot colors and print resolutions prior to files being sent to various printing presses. \
\

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u61559 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Followed quality checks through proofreading and following client and company supplied style guides. \
\
Additional Experience: Work hand, Safari North, LLC; Brainerd, MN Seasonal 2005 - November 2013 2529 \
\
Miles to work per month = 2400\
x = Miles to work per month\
\
2400x = 12.5(30)(2.5)\
2400x = 375\
2400/30 = 80 Gallons/12.5 = 6.4 tanks\
\
\
\
\
\
}