{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red41\green101\blue168;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Case Manager Companion
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Case Manager Companion is a centralized location for sharing documents and an abbreviated set of client data between all your agency programs. CMC makes case management possible without opening up your entire client database to everyone.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Document Manager
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Attach electronic documents to client records in the Client Information System and/or Case Manager Companion and eliminate those pesky, time-consuming paper files. Documents are available (as applicable) to other programs for REAL case management.\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 THO Software
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 T.H.O. Software Systems offers a comprehensive suite of products for non-profits and other grant-funded agencies. Two of our core systems are the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tsoftware1.qwestoffice.net/wordpress/?page_id=112"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Client Information System (CIS)}} for tracking client/participant and program information and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tsoftware1.qwestoffice.net/wordpress/?page_id=59"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 ORION Fund Accounting}} system, which includes General Ledger, Accounts Payable, and Payroll modules. These two products can be used together or separately, and other modules can be added as desired. Our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tsoftware1.qwestoffice.net/wordpress/?page_id=232"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 product suite}} includes:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
You can update/add client information at anytime.
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'a0Household information remains in your database as long as the household is receiving services from your agency. 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 CIS will also link to other T.H.O. software so that client data needs to be entered in your database only one time.\'a0
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Once entered, all applicable information will automatically appear in all other T.H.O. software packages (see\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://getbootstrap.com/javascript/#integration"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Integration}}).\'a0 If a client record is updated in CIS (or any other module), that update automatically applies to all other modules.\'a0
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 This insures that your entire agency is always working with the most up-to-date client data.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl312\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Federal CSBG Report\'a0
\b0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Listings of households by program, by date range, by agency rep, etc.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Listings of individuals/households meeting selected demographic criteria\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Mailing labels for individuals/households meeting demographic criteria\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Cross tab reports for demographic variables by program\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Number of households/individuals/units of service for each program
\b0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1
\cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Federally funded programs must generate measurable outcomes, and ROMA (Results Oriented Measurement and Accountability) has become the standard reporting method. Does your agency find ROMA reporting burdensome, time consuming and difficult? Is avoiding double counting, under reporting, or other errors a major concern?\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1
\cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 All of our products use a 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 common core database
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 , which maintains information on households, individuals, and services received and/or the General Ledger, Accounts Payable, and Payroll fund accounting data. This core data is available to all programs, and is used as the 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 modular foundation for adding program-specific data and software functions.\

\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Our modular design ensures that 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 future program-specific modules can be added and safely integrated into the agency-wide database.
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  The modular design allows you to provide the core client information to new programs while maintaining the integrity of the database.\
\
With a range of modules available, from basic client tracking to fund accounting, ROMA, Energy Assistance, and many others, you can automate your key service delivery processes, reduce costs, increase efficiency, deliver better service to your customers, and provide enhanced management reporting.\
\
It is a given that the needs of non-profits will continue to evolve. Our systems are 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 designed to maximize future flexibility
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  needed to adapt to changes in program delivery requirements, new services, and changes in reporting requirements. And because 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 our business is providing software solutions for non-profits
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 , we are constantly enhancing and evolving our systems to serve our customers better.\
\
Getting data into a database is of limited use if you can't access it to provide meaningful information. We build a 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 rich set of reports
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  into all of our products. However, we know we can't possibly think of every report you may want or need. Therefore we have designed our systems so that the 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 data tables are accessible for your unique reporting and analysis needs.\

\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
By providing a 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 range of platforms
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 , we enable our customers to switch to a different platform when their requirements necessitate it. All products have a 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 common look and feel
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 , so users can easily make the transition from one system to another.\
\
With a customizable suite of products, a commitment to continue to meet the evolving needs of our customers, direct access to data for custom reports, and a range of platforms, 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 T.H.O. Software Systems can provide you with the information system you need now and in the future.
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}