{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red58\green62\blue68;\red237\green236\blue236;
\red81\green26\blue118;\red217\green11\blue0;\red255\green39\blue18;\red24\green24\blue24;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red67\green67\blue67;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c10196\c10196\c10196;\csgenericrgb\c22745\c24314\c26667;\csgenericrgb\c92941\c92549\c92549;
\csgenericrgb\c31765\c10196\c46275;\csgenericrgb\c85098\c4314\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c15294\c7059;\csgenericrgb\c9412\c9412\c9412;\csgenericrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;
\csgenericrgb\c26275\c26275\c26275;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Brandon Holt \'97 
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
614 W 27th St, Minneapolis, MN 55408\
2. Dale Redpath \'97 1681 E Hennepin Ave, Minneapolis, MN 55414\
3. Cyd Wicker \'97 1681 E Hennepin Ave, Minneapolis, MN 55414\
4. Christine Mitzuk \'97 1681 E Hennepin Ave, Minneapolis, MN 55414\
5. Andrew Sandor \'97 \
6. Nick Kiryakakis \'97 
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 600 5th st n #305, 55401
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \
7. Ben Lathrop \'97 
\fs24 \cf1 \cb5 1501 Hennepin Ave, Minneapolis, MN 55403
\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \
8. Rob \'97 2529 Pleasant Avenue South, #2\
9. Phillip Oches \'97 \
\cb6 10. Chris Veercamp \'97 
\f0\fs24 \cf3 1656 Princeton Ave., St. Louis Park 55416
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \
\cb7 12. Jeffrey Smith \'97 \cf2 1501 E Hennepin Ave, Minneapolis, Mn 55414, Minneapolis, MN 55414 \cf2 \cb1 \
\cb6 15. James Neis \'97 800 Nicollet Mall Ste 2700, Minneapolis, MN 55402\cb1 \
\cb6 19. Brian Maciej \'97 1620 S Riverfront Dr, Mankato, MN 56001\cb1 \
\cb6 22. Jesse Hintz \'97 150 S 5th St #900, Minneapolis, MN 55402\
23. Darin Lynch \'97 \cf8 5320 West 23rd Street, Suite 300 Minneapolis, MN 55416\cf2 \
24. Dustin Saulsbury \'97 800 Nicollet Mall Ste 2700, Minneapolis, MN 55402\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb7 25. Matthew Shroeder \'97 
\fs22 \cf9 720 Century Ave SW Suite 114 Hutchinson, MN 55350
\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb6 Brian Bell\
Kathy Umland\
Joshua Franzen\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb7 Samuel Gross\
Josh Keck, \cf10 josh.keck@fjorgedigital.com \cf2 527 S Marquette Ave #2260, Minneapolis, MN 55402, USA\cf10 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf10 \cb6 Darren Hagen \cf2 527 S Marquette Ave #2260, Minneapolis, MN 55402, USA\cf10 \
\cb7 Laurel Johnson, hello@laureljane.com \cf2 527 S Marquette Ave #2260, Minneapolis, MN 55402, USA\cf10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf10 Mike Ward, mward@digitalriver.com \cf2 10380 Bren Road West, Minnetonka, MN 55343, USA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb6 Angelina Allen\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb7 Eric Johnson\
Isabella \'97 Media Junction\
Matt Wint\
Kevin and Kelly\
\cf2 \cb1 Todd Magnuson\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa210\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs34 \cf2 Hello and to whom it may concern:\
I\'92d like to express my interest in the position on your website for an . With 6 years of hands-on experience efficiently coding websites and applications using modern HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, I am confident I will be an excellent addition to your organization.\
Building state-of-the-art, easy to use, user-friendly websites and applications is truly a passion of mine. I actively seek out new technologies and stay up-to-date on industry trends and advancements.\
Continued education has allowed me to stay ahead of the curve and deliver exceptional work to each employer I\'92ve worked for - both full-time and contract.\
I\'92ve attached a copy of my resume that details my experience, along with links to the various websites and applications I\'92ve had the honor of working on.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa210\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I can be reached anytime via my cell phone, 555-555-5555 or via email at name@gmail.com. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to speaking with you about this opportunity.\
Best Regards,\
Your Signature 
\i (hard copy letter)
\i0 \
}