{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8680\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hello and welcome to the Uptown Vine. The Uptown Vine started out with a passion \'97 Uptown, Minneapolis. The places, events and especially the people are what drives this site and the articles living here.  
\i From the Uptown Vine, hope you\'92ll enjoy. 
\i0 \
\

\b A Minneapolis Hot Spot
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 You just might miss it walking down Lyndale Avenue, but if you\'92re just off 28th. and look above Joe\'92s Java Hut you might just catch it \'97 
\b Uptown Tattoo
\b0 . It\'92s a well known hotspot for tattoo work in not only Uptown but also in the Twin Cities, especially for full arm bands of any assortment, realistic or abstract. However, off in a corner of the studio, you\'92ll find the office (Used Loosely) of 
\b Brandon Holt
\b0  and his assortment of memorabilia and art, sometimes related one of his favorite hobbies \'97 fishing.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Twin Cities Illustrator or Tattoo Artist?
\b0 \
\
Brandon isn\'92t just well known for his tattoo work, though. Some years ago he began his black and white gig poster illustrations for bands playing in the 
\b Twin Cities
\b0 , both locally and from outside Minnesota. \
\
It\'92s been a while since his first illustration, but definitely not his last. In recent years, he\'92s created a sensation for his mastery of technique and detail that has given him a strong reputation here in 
\b Minneapolis
\b0  area and internationally. \
\

\b Quality Matters
\b0 \
\
So if you\'92re looking to get a tattoo here in 
\b Minneapolis
\b0  you know where and who to go to \'97 
\b Brandon Holt at Uptown Tattoo
\b0 . Just remember though \'97 for this type of 
\i quality
\i0  \'97 you might have to wait in line!\
\
}